Content for Single service web page


Home > Blog > Web Design



5 Inportent things every Web Designer  - Header




1. Plan and Sketch the layout before design the webpage

If you’re trying to build freelance websites for clients, or even just trying to build up your portfolio, you should have some plans for the website design. Here are some tipes which you should follow.
	
	Don't direct jump to design the code.
	Plan the design and skatch on paper
	Plan the layout of your website
	Build out the final product
	


2.  Optimize Web Page for better page Load Times 

	Learn how to optimize your web graphics by selecting the proper format and making sure that it’s as small as it can possibly be. Even though people are advancing to 	broadband connections, there are still quite a few who use dial-up internet connections.


3. desion Should clean and simple

A good web design is not just one that looks visually appealing, but also one that is user-friendly. A clean and simple web design typically ends up being a high-usability web design that is not confusing to interact with.


4.  Most Important is Navigation 

The most essential site feature is the website’s navigation — without it, users are stuck whatever page they happen to land on. 
First, it’s very important to put enough time and a lot of planning on a site’s navigation structure. This is common sense, but it’s still surprising how many web designs take site navigation for granted.

5. Understand Color Accessibility

After talking about fonts, we also need to point out the importance of using the right colors.

You  need to consider color contrast of background and foreground colors for readability and for users with low-vision. For instance, black text on white background has a high-contrast, while orange text on red background will make you strain your eyes.


6. Flexible and Maintainable Designs for all devices

A good web designer makes sure that the site can easily be updated or modified in the future. Designing websites that are malleable and easy to maintain is a sign of a great web designer. 
